# hello-world
familiarization with GitHub

As part of a writing exercise, with a theme of "do not stop your stream-of-thought typing, not even for three seconds. If you must speed down to a 'slow jog' go ahead but do not pause to think" i came up with the following:

Writing without a point is one of the hardest things to do.  I think the possibilities outdaunt the probabilities.  A yardbird settled on the Loch Ness monster's voluminous cranium and proceeded to emit a knock-knock joke.  Unbeknownst to the lecherous seafarer, the knock-knock joke included a shipping and handling fee far beyond his ability to handle.  Thinking it unfair the Loch Ness monster liquidated his (actually, Its assets - we haven't seen the right falsified evidence to determine its gender)...liquidated its repossessions.  With the money he (see prior note) opened a yardbird BBQ (guess who the first course item was?) in a new location.  Being fond of both green scenery and controversial 3rd-rate paper coverage (he was a close distant cousin of Big Foot after all), the Ness-sster moved to Loch Ness, Scottland.  Ironically enough, no yardbirds live in Scotland (one 't' or two?).  Avoiding the chance of going yardbirdrupt, Ness-meister flew to Tokyo.  "People over there have more problems than New Yorkers," he logicked "that I can open a yardbird spammery without much ado" said with the Scotttish (cuz 2+1=3) accenttt he picked up.  Unfortunately he was right.  Ness-sseminator was so foreign that his inability to operate chopsticks depressed no one and his lack of basic vocabulary but gruff way of depicting vivid pictograms in Tokyian blood dropped few jaws.  「さすがアメリカ人。間違えて も、ネッシの生方はなかなかかなりおどろくほどすごくめちゃもう何を言いたかったものをわすれちゃった。」And Ness-san didn't understand a word of it.  Seeking consolance in all the wrong places, Ness-inspeculator became a hit in the seedy underbelly of Shibuya, Tokyo.  From tire factories to pulp-extractor juiceries to stamp-glue-taste-testing facilities, Tha Ness yielded uncanny quantities of pirate loot, excreted from a previously undiscovered Pirate Booty.  Go figure.  Unstable in his new fortune, Ness-streamlinervanguffenhausterweisen dug a hole and twirled in admiration.  From it he elicited illicit LSAT test takes and became the newest editor of our school's rebel paper The Koala - premium campus newscare - and sits at the bottom of Taco Bell wrappers.  This is the end.  My only friend, el fin. 
